Caroline Jeddeloh, x2 and x3 Story Repo

Once upon a time, in a kingdom far, far away, a dragon lived in a dense forrest. She spent her days frolicking amongst the trees and smelling each and every flower.
One day, a woodland nymph crossed her path and said, "Dragon, I need your help! My family is in danger and only you can protect us!"  


	Then the dragon ate the nymph. There was no happy ending. Indeed, it was quite fatal. Reality
is often disappointing.

After a long day of paying the bills by frolicking, the dragon went home to her wife and kids as she did every night. To her surprise, her home was ransacked and her family nowhere to be found.
The dragon panicked. The only clue of her family's wherabouts was a golden crown laying ominously on her kitchen table.

	Panic began to fill the heart of the dragon. Her family in potential danger was enough to send them into severe shock. What could a lone dragon do against a world so big? But the dragon couldn't lose hope. She had to stay strong, for her family. As a result, she took the crown with her, and set off to find information in the nearby swamp. Perhaps the ogre who lived there would know more.

	After arriving at the swamp, and questioning the ogre (with a hint of threatening with fire) the dragon prepared to set out after her family. The ogre said that a donkey with magical powers and red fur would show her the way. Unfortunately the donkey seemed a little slow in the head, so it was hard to continue following the donkey. After travelling for a few days, they arrived at a tall dark, and handsome castle in the middle of a beautiful meadow, and the dragon knew they had found the right place. 
After searching for a while and damaging the environment, the dragon found Laquesha and kids.They happily returned home, just to see the forest they lived was burned (not from Amazon lol).

With nowhere to turn, the dragon brought her family to the woodland nymphs in the nearby clearing. "Nymphs, I know I've wronged you in the past, especially when I ate one of you this morning. But I'm here now to protect you from any dangers that could come your way. My own family has suffered at the hands of a mysterious evil, and if we combine forces, I know we will be safe," said the dragon.
The nymphs exchanged nervous glances. They had no other options and they knew it. Eventually, they nodded in agreement. The dragon was offered a home for her family, and she graciously accepted. Finally, there was peace and tranquility for all the dragons and nymphs in the land.
